.TH batchman 1 "" "" SNNS

.SH NAME

.B batchman
\- batch execution interface for the neural network simulation package SNNS

.SH SYNOPSIS

.B batchman
.RI "[-f " scriptfile "] [ -l " logfile " ] [-p] [-q] [-s] [-h]"

.SH OPTIONS
.BI -f " scriptfile"
.RS 
read all the commands to be executed from the file
.I scriptfile. 
If no -f option is given, read the commands from stdin. For a description of
the script grammer, please refer to the SNNS manual.
.RE

.BI -l " logfile"
.RS
write output not only to stdout but also to the file 
.IR logfile  " for later checking."
.RE

.B -p
.RS
parse only. Do not execute script, just test for gramatical correctness.
.RE

.B -q
.RS
run very quiet. Display only contents of print statements defined by
the user, don't issue comments on the current state of the execution.
.RE

.B -s
.RS
parse silently. Do not display warnings produced by the parser.
.RE

.B -h 
.RS
print usage information and exit.
.RE

.SH DESCRIPTION
Since training a neural network may require several hours of
cpu time, it is advisable to perform this task as a batch job during
low usage times. SNNS offers the program
.B batchman
for this purpose. It is basically an additional interface to the kernel that
allows easy background execution. 

The Interpreter can be used in an interactive mode or with the help of a file, 
containing the batch program. When using a file no input from the 
keyboard is necessary. The interactive mode can be activated by just calling 
the interpreter. All the instructions entered at the command prompt
are executed only after Ctrl-D is pressed.

For a description of the batch script language refer to the SNNS user manual.

.SH SEE ALSO
The SNNS user manual under the SNNS installation directory or the
hypertext manual at
http://www-ra.informatik.uni-tuebingen.de/SNNS/UserManual/UserManual.html

.BR xgui (1)
graphical user interface for SNNS

.BR snns2c (1)
compiler to transform a trained neural network into a C-routine

.BR snns (1)
description of the whole package

.SH AUTHOR
Guenter W. Mamier