.TH linknets 1 "" "" SNNS

.SH NAME

.B linknets 
\- connects two or more SNNS network files into one single network

.SH SYNOPSIS

.B linknets
.RI -innets " netfile " "...  [ -outnets " netfile " ... ] -o " output-network
[ options ] 

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B linknets 
allows to easily link several independent networks
to one combined network. In general 
.I n 
so called input networks (
.I n
ranges from 1 to 20) are linked to
.I m 
so called output networks (
.I m 
ranges from 0 to 20). It is possible to add a new layer of input units
to feed the former input units of the input networks. It is also
possible to add a new layer of output units which is either fed by the
former output units of the output networks (if output networks are
given) or by the former output units of the input networks.


.SH PARAMETERS 
.BI "-innets " netfile
.RS
the name of a network file to be the pre-processor of the resulting
network. There must be at least one 
.B innets
option present. Up to 20 networks might be given here, which then will
be put next to each other in the resulting network, i.e. the new input
layer will be the union of the input layers of these networks.
.RE

.BI -outnets " netfile"
.RS
the name of a network file to be the post-processor of the resulting
network. Up to 20 networks might be given here, which then will
be put next to each other in the resulting network, i.e. the new output
layer will be the union of the output layers of these networks.
.RE

.BI  -o " output-network"
.RS
the filename of the network to be generated.
.RE

.SH OPTIONS
.B -inunits
.RS 
To use the option 
.B -inunits, 
all input networks must have the
same number of input units. If 
.B -inunits
is given, a new layer of input units is created. The number of new input
units is equal to the number of (former) input units of a given input
network. The new input units are connected by a one-to-one scheme to
the (former) input units, which means, that every former input unit
gets input activation from exactly one new input unit. The newly
created network links are initialized with weight 1.0. The (former)
input units of the input networks are changed to be special hidden
units in the resulting network (incoming weights of special hidden
units are not changed during further training). This connection scheme
is useful to feed input patterns into several networks with similar
input structure.
.RE

.BI -inconnect " n"
.RS
If
.BI -inconnect " n"
is given, 
.I n 
new input units are created. These new input units are fully connected to
the (former) input units of all input networks. The (former) input
units of the input networks are changed to be hidden units in the
resulting network. The newly created network links are initialized
with weight 0.0.
.RE

Note, that
.BR -inunits " and " -inconnect
may not be used together.

.BI "-outconnect " n
.RS
If
.BI "-outconnect " n
is given, 
.I n 
new output units are created. These new output units are fully
connected either to the (former) output units of all output networks
(if output networks are given) or to the (former) output units of all
input networks. The (former) output units are changed to be hidden
units in the resulting network. The newly created network links are
initialized with weight 0.0.
.RE

.B -direct
.RS
By default, all output units of the input networks are fully
connected to all input units of the output networks. In some cases
it is usefull, not to use a full connection but a one-to-one
connection scheme. This is performed by giving the option
.B -direct. 
To use this option, the sum of all (former)
output units of the input networks must equal the sum of all
(former) input units of the output networks. Following the given
succession of input and output networks (and the network dependent
succession of input and output units), every (former) output unit
of the input networks is connected to exactly one (fomer) input unit
of the output networks. The newly created network links are
initialized with weight 1.0. The (former) input units of the output
networks are changed to be special hidden units in the resulting
network (incoming weights of special hidden units are not changed
during further training). The (former) output units of the input
networks are changed to be hidden units. This connection scheme is
usefull to directly feed the output from one (or more) network(s) into
one (or more) other network(s).This option is ignored if no output
networks are given. 
.RE

.SH SEE ALSO
It is strongly recommended to examine the examples in the SNNS user
manual under the SNNS installation directory or in the hypertext manual
at http://www-ra.informatik.uni-tuebingen.de/SNNS/UserManual/UserManual.html

.BR snns (1)
neural network simulation package SNNS

.SH AUTHOR
Guenter W. Mamier
