.TH snns 1 "" "" SNNS

.SH NAME

.B snns 
\- neural network simulation package SNNS

.SH SYNOPSIS

.B xgui 
.RB [ options ]

.B batchman
.RB [ options ]

.B snns2c
.RB [ options ]


.SH DESCRIPTION

SNNS (Stuttgart Neural Network Simulator) is a simulator for neural
networks developed at the Institute for Parallel and Distributed High
Performance Systems, at the University of Stuttgart since
1989. The goal of the project is to create an efficient and flexible
simulation environment for research on and application of neural nets.

The SNNS simulator consists of four main components: Simulator kernel,
graphical user interface, batch execution interface 
.BR batchman (1), 
and
network compiler 
.BR snns2c (1).
The simulator kernel operates on the internal
network data structures of the neural nets and performs all operations
on them. The graphical user interface 
.BR xgui (1),
built on top of the kernel, gives a
graphical representation of the neural networks and controls the
kernel during the simulation run. In addition, the user interface can
be used to directly create, manipulate and visualize neural nets in
various ways.  Complex networks can be created quickly and easily.
Nevertheless, XGUI should also be well suited for unexperienced users,
who want to learn about connectionist models with the help of the
simulator. An online help system, partly context-sensitive, is
integrated, which can offer assistance with problems.

An important design concept was to enable the user to select only those
aspects of the visual representation of the net in which he is
interested. This includes depicting several aspects and parts of the
network with multiple windows as well as suppressing unwanted
information.

.SH COMPATIBILITY

Machines and operating systems on which SNNS has been tested

.DS
SUN SparcStation                SunOS 4.1.2 - 5.2.6
DECstation                      Ultrix V4.2
DEC Alpha                       OSF1 V2.1 - V4.0
IBM-PC 80486, Pentium           Linux, NeXTStep
IBM RS 6000                     AIX V3.1 - V4.1
HP 9000                         HP-UX 8.07 - 10.20, NeXTStep
SGI Indigo 2                    IRIX 4.0.5 - 6.2
NeXTStation                     NeXTStep
.DE

.SH SEE ALSO

The SNNS user manual under the SNNS installation directory or the
hypertext manual at
http://www-ra.informatik.uni-tuebingen.de/SNNS/snns.info 

.BR xgui (1)
the SNNS graphical user interface

.BR batchman (1)
batch execution interface for SNNS

.BR snns2c (1)
compiler to transform a trained neural network into a C-routine

.BR isnns (1)
interactiv, on the fly neural network training for SNNS

.BR analyze (1)
analyzes result files generated by SNNS to test the classification
 
.BR convert2snns (1)
pattern conversion tool for Kohonen Networks

.BR feedback-gennet (1)
generator for network definition files

.BR ff_bignet (1)
complex feedforward network generator

.BR linknets (1)
connects two or more SNNS network files into one big net

.BR mkhead (1)
writes SNNS pattern file header to stdout

.BR mkout (1)
writes SNNS output pattern to stdout

.BR mkpat (1)
reads 8 bit rawfile and writes SNNS pattern file to stdout

.BR netlearn (1)
backpropagation test program

.BR netperf (1)
benchmark program

.BR pat_sel (1)
produces pattern file with selected patterns

.BR td_bignet (1)
time-delay network generator

.SH COPYRIGHT
SNNS group of Prof. Dr. Andreas Zell,
Eberhard-Karls-Universitaet Tuebingen, Koestlinstr. 6, 72074
Tuebingen, Germany, e-mail: zell@informatik.uni-tuebingen.de  

.SH BUGS
None. There are only features.

Its also a feature, that some of the man pages are not implemented
yet. 

.SH AUTHOR
Guenter W. Mamier 