.TH snns2c 1 "" "" SNNS

.SH NAME

.B snns2c
\- compiler to transform a trained neural network into a C-routine

.SH SYNOPSIS

.B snns2c
.IR network-file " [ " C-filename " [ "function-name " ] ]"

.SH OPTIONS
.B network-file
.RS 
the name of the SNNS network description file
.RE

.B C-filename
.RS
name of the output file
.RE

.B function-name 
.RS
name of the procedure in the output file. 
.RE

.SH DESCRIPTION
This tool transforms an SNNS network file into an compilable C
source. It reads a network file
.IR network-file " and generates a C source file named " C-filename.
The network can then be called as a function
.IR function-name " from any C program. If the parameter " function-name
.RI "is missing, the name of " C-filename 
is taken without the ending ".c". If this parameter is also missing,
the name of the network file is chosen and fitted with a new
ending for the output file. This name without ending is also used for
the function name.

It is not possible to train the generated net, SNNS has to be used for
this purpose.  After completion of network training with SNNS, the
tool 
.B snns2c
is used to integrate the trained network as a C function into a
separate application. 

.SH SEE ALSO
The SNNS user manual under the SNNS installation directory or the
hypertext manual at
http://www-ra.informatik.uni-tuebingen.de/SNNS/UserManual/UserManual.html

.BR xgui (1)
graphical user interface for SNNS

.BR batchman (1)
batch execution interface for SNNS

.BR snns (1)
description of the whole package

.SH AUTHOR
Guenter W. Mamier