.TH td_bignet 1 "" "" SNNS

.SH NAME

.B td_bignet
\- time-delay network generator for the neural network
simulation package SNNS 

.SH SYNOPSIS

.B td_bignet 
.IR "plane-definition " ...  " link-definition " "... [" " output-file " ]

.RS
.B plane-definition
.RS
defines the several layers of the network. There must be at least two
plane definitions, but there might be any
number given on the command line. Note, that you
might have to define several planes for a single network layer, if you
want to define a more complex network connection pattern than just
"full-connection". One plane definition takes the form

.BI -p " f d"

.RS
.IR f " :  number of feature units "

.IR d " : total delay length"
.RE
.RE

.B link-definition
.RS
defines the connectivity of the network. There must be at least one
link definition, but there might be any number given on the command line. 
One link definition takes the form

.BI -l " sp sf sw d tp tf tw"

.RS
.IR sp " : number of the source plane"

.IR sf " : 1st feature unit in source plane"

.IR sw " : field width in source plane"

.IR d " : delay length in source plane"

.IR tp " : number of the target plane"

.IR tf " : 1st feature unit in target plane"

.IR tw " : field width in target plane"
.RE
.RE
.RE
.RE

.SH OPTIONS
.B output-file
.RS
name of the generated network file. Default is "SNNNS_TD_NET.net"
.RE


.SH DESCRIPTION
.B td_bignet 
can be used to automatically construct neural
networks with the topology for time-delay learning. As with 
.BR ff_bignet "(1), the graphical version included in"
.BR xgui "(1) is preferrable if networks are to be constructed manually. "

.SH SEE ALSO
The SNNS user manual under the SNNS installation directory or the
hypertext manual at
http://www-ra.informatik.uni-tuebingen.de/SNNS/UserManual/UserManual.html

.BR snns (1)
description of the SNNS package

.SH AUTHOR
Guenter W. Mamier